Docs: custom block category add icon info (#11213)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/extensibility/extending-blocks.md

			array(
				'slug' => 'my-category',
				'title' => __( 'My category', 'my-plugin' ),

> 				'icon'  => '<svg viewBox="0 0 24 24" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"><path fill="none" d="M0 0h24v24H0V0z" /><path d="M19 13H5v-2h14v2z" /></svg>',

Reviewer: Small thing, but we also want to encourage block devs to include `width` and `height attributes.

Author: Icon component is used to render proper icons and current it enforces default width for dashicon and svg icons. Let me know if should add the width/height to example.

Reviewer 2: If there's a default width that works I think this is fine.

			array(
				'slug' => 'my-category',
				'title' => __( 'My category', 'my-plugin' ),

> 				'icon'  => 'screenoptions',

Reviewer: I think it's best if we use an example of an SVG here. Over the long term we want to move away from suggesting Dashicons and push folks to use material icons, and this is a good opportunity to do that.

Author: I am sure, most of the devs would use custom icons :)

Will update the PR to include SVG or should we both ?

Reviewer: I think just an SVG example is okay.

Author: Updated

			),
		)
	);
}
add_filter( 'block_categories', 'my_plugin_block_categories', 10, 2 );
```

> An icon key/value can be specified to add an icon to block category. These can be any of [WordPress Dashicons](https://developer.wordpress.org/resource/dashicons/), or a custom `svg` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also display an icon with your block category by setting an `icon` attribute. The value can be the slug of a [WordPress Dashicon](https://developer.wordpress.org/resource/dashicons/), or a custom `svg` element.
```

> You can also display an icon with your block category by setting an `icon` attribute. The value can be the slug of a [WordPress Dashicon](https://developer.wordpress.org/resource/dashicons/), or a custom `svg` element.

Reviewer 3: FWIW, components and functions are supported as well - you can refer to https://github.com/wordpress/gutenberg/blob/729fa981795ba1ca90c90eccff6b8e6da38d19f9/packages/components/src/icon/README.md for details, or maybe link to it here in the docs.

Author: Would be good to link to Icon component for all available options. I guess the same is applicable for block icon also as we are using the same icon component.

Reviewer 2: These are PHP docs though, so referencing a component or function isn't really applicable. I think this README is fine.
